Major review for MMD 4.0 (#334)
metno/mmd: doc/ch03-md-explanations.adoc

 . https://gcmd.earthdata.nasa.gov/kms/concepts/concept_scheme/sciencekeywords/?format=rdf[RDF file]
 . https://gcmd.earthdata.nasa.gov/kms/capabilities?format=html[API reference]
 . https://gcmd.earthdata.nasa.gov/KeywordViewer/scheme/Earth%20Science?gtm_scheme=Earth%20Science[interactive Viewer]

However many datasets are encoded using the
http://cfconventions.org[Climate and Forecast convention]. In this CF
Standard Names are used. These are available through
http://cfconventions.org/Data/cf-standard-names/current/build/cf-standard-name-table.html and can be converted to GCMD Science Keywords using
http://dap.onc.uvic.ca/erddap/convert/keywords.html (further information
to be provided).

For observational data WMO Integrated Global Observing System (WIGOS)
observed parameter descriptions can be used. These are available at
https://codes.wmo.int/wmdr/. Use information from the sections on observed
variable.

[[platform-and-instrument-vocabularies]]
=== Platform and Instrument vocabularies

The platform and instrument used to aquire data are relevant information to describe a dataset.
The MMD specification uses a complex field platfrom (see <<platform>>) to store this.

> In order to cover a large variety of use cases, granularity and different vocabularies, some flexibility is added to the field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to cover a large variety of use cases, some flexibility is added to the field with respect to vocabularies and metadata granularity.
```

In addition, vocabularies are not always complete, have might have gaps, that cannot be covered using a single source.

> Depending on the type of data, some information might not be available. Below an overview of the supported vocabularies, and recommendations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the type of data, some information might not be available. An overview of the supported vocabularies, and recommendations
```

> on how to fill the platform/instrument fields are provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on how to fill the platform/instrument fields are provided below.
```

Remote Sensing::

> For remote sensing data, platform and instrument the WMO https://space.oscar.wmo.int/spacecapabilities[Space-based Capabilities (OSCAR/Space)] reference is recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For remote sensing data, the WMO https://space.oscar.wmo.int/spacecapabilities[Space-based Capabilities (OSCAR/Space)]  controlled vocabulary is recommended for platform and instrument information.
```
